If you look historically at food responses, the pantry model has been unchanged since the
1950s, everywhere in places that looked like mine, it was inefficient, it didn't champion
quality or the in-user experience, and it just bothered me. I'm Dionne Dawson, out
of their chief dreamer of Dionne Chicago Dream. We're a non-profit social enterprise that
focuses on providing access to healthy food consistently, making sure that your zip code
does not determine how long you live. We deliver a 10 pound box of fresh fruits and vegetables
to more than 4,300 households in the Chicago land region per week. To be everything from
a pineapple to different types of apples, citrus, Swiss chard, spinach, pomegranate. Since
2020, we've provided a little over 3.5 million pounds of fresh produce that we've purchased
back to the neighborhood, and we've never charged any of our recipients today. Our produce
and our quality is not not. We've never taken a single piece of donated produce. We purchase
everything. It may cost us a little more, but that's fine. You don't want to dictate
what people think they deserve. If we're thinking about people living longer, healthier lives,
you want to give them the best opportunity to be healthy. You can't do that with expiring
food. One of the things that we wanted to do a little different is make sure that we're
talking to people. We do a bi-weekly touch point. We collect scores in six different areas
like ease of delivery, quality of produce, staff, treatment, and even stress out the delivery.
And so we can see that we're lowering stress levels daily by more than 80%. It's quite
simple, just serving people and delivering quality food, produce. When this all started,
I was working overnight at Amazon. I knew absolutely nothing. I didn't know any statistics.
I'd never done non-profit management or grant-writing none of it. That blind ignorance will get
you way further when you just don't know what you're up against. On Juneteenth in 2020,
a jinsier came up to me that I'd grown up with and said, hey, what are you doing for Juneteenth?
And I had no idea. I just tried to kind of play along, but he said, no, what are you doing?
I said, I'm going to feed 100 families. I didn't think about it. I don't know where it came
from. And from there, it was two GoFundMe campaigns later and buying 800 pounds of food and
begging chicken-layer quarters at four in the morning. What started as someone challenging me
to do something for the community for Juneteenth turned it to a day and an event that made me feel
like I had never felt before and wanting to chase that feeling of not having to convince myself
that I wasn't the problem or not having to convince myself that something was good,
was just feeling good. From there, it was on. It just lit a fire in me. We're up to 48 employees.
About 15 vehicles were opening up a 20,000 square foot location later this year. We've grown
in an environment where growth has been difficult. The average black land nonprofit never makes it
to a million revenue. We did it in 18 months. As a company, we've never been an array. It's a
social enterprise nonprofit that is still a business. Early on, it was really about individual donors
and grants. And then over the years, we've tried to continue to figure out how to diversify the
revenue so that we could be sustainable. We've never missed a payroll. We've never lost an
employee. We've never had a volunteer. I just think that if someone does a job they should
pay for it. It's a commitment back to people. Without a wealth of building vehicle
attached to whatever social impact work you're doing, then you're just perpetuating the
circumstances that you're trying to fight. You can still do good business and do good by people.
And you don't have to build like everyone else. There were so many people early on that tried to
guide us into taking donated food into using volunteer hours and trading board seats for money.
Because of us rebuffing a lot of those things here, we are almost five years later. And this work
has really not only defined a lot of people's lives, but it's allowed me to wake up and go to sleep
knowing and never questioning. I have no goals. I just believe that anything is possible.
Part of just being a dreamer is understanding that I decide what I focus on. We've gotten the
opportunity to write our own story. It's really about joy, happiness, being okay, knowing that you gave
everything you had. All of these are things that are important and we don't champion them enough.
It's always about reminding each other what difficult it is. A difficult day as the
chief dreamer of Dianne Chicago dream pales in comparison to the words they have ever had as Dianne Dawson.
You evolve. You learn. This is the first time in my life where I can honestly say I've never stopped
learning every single day. I learn, I apply, I try, probably failed more in this five years than in my
first 30, but I don't have it figured out. I think that's the fun part. Yeah, that's pretty,
pretty crazy.
